Update create-login-transact-sql.md (#9424)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/t-sql/statements/create-login-transact-sql.md

## Arguments

#### *login_name*

> Specifies the name of the login that is created. Synapse dedicated SQL pool supports only SQL logins. To create accounts for Azure Active Directory users, use the [CREATE USER](create-user-transact-sql.md) statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the name of the login that is created. 

To create accounts for Microsoft Entra ID users, use the [CREATE USER](create-user-transact-sql.md) statement.

```
